Complex Question:

1. Between Ewing sarcoma or peripheral neuroepithelioma which one is peripheral primitive neuroectodermal neoplasms?
Ans: Experimental data support the concept that Ewing sarcoma and peripheral neuroepithelioma are both peripheral primitive neuroectodermal neoplasms, differing only in the extent of neuroectodermal phenotype and morphological differentiation.

2. What is R-loops, and which DNA are responsible for the formation of them?
Ans: R-loops, transcriptionally-induced RNA:DNA hybrids, occurring at repeat tracts (CTG)n, (CAG)n, (CGG)n, (CCG)n and (GAA)n, are associated with diseases including myotonic dystrophy, Huntingtons disease, fragile X and Friedreichs ataxia.  Physiological R-loop formation at CpG island promoters can contribute to DNA replication origin specification at these regions, the most efficient replication initiation sites in mammalian cells. R-loops may also possess beneficial effects, as their widespread formation has been detected over CpG island promoters in human genes. R-loops are particularly enriched over G-rich terminator elements.

3. How to do the stimulation of c-Src activation?
Ans: HGF-induced activation of c-Met is playing a pivotal role in the stimulation of c-Src activation, resulting in induction of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase complexes p85α/p110α and p85α/p110δ, which is required for Akt-mediated activation of mammalian target of rapamycin, with consequent inhibition of IκB kinase and nuclear factor-κB activation, resulting in enhanced cell survival.

4. What will be the effect of H1N1 infection on pregnancy?
Bot: Pregnant women are at increased risk for complications from pandemic influenza H1N1 virus infection. Pregnant women, because of their altered immunity and physiological adaptations, are at higher risk of developing pulmonary complications, especially in the second and third trimesters. Pregnancy, particularly during the third trimester, increases the risk of complications and early antiviral treatment is associated with improved outcomes.

5. What can we use for pain management?
Bot: Yes, there is a variety of decision support systems for chronic pain management., "Clinical decision support systems are promising tools for improving behavioral medicine care for chronic pain.The use of a computer-based decision support system facilitates primary care physicians management of chronic pain.

6. What is Imetelstat sodium (GRN163L)?
Bot: "Imetelstat sodium (GRN163L), is a 13-mer oligonucleotide N3→P5 thio-phosphoramidate lipid conjugate, which represents the latest generation of telomerase inhibitors targeting the template region of the human functional telomerase RNA subunit. In preclinical trials, this compound has been found to inhibit telomerase activity in multiple cancer cell lines, as well as in vivo xenograft mouse models."

7. Give me one charactersitics of Pendred syndrome patient?
Bot: Thyroid hormone abnormalities are characteristic to Pendred syndrome. Hypothyroidism is the most common thyroid hormone abnormality in Pendred syndrome. Pendred syndrome  is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by sensorineural deafness, goiter and a partial defect in iodide organification.

8. how does the Hemosiderin deposits in rats and in man were studied?
Bot: In cells of proximal convoluted tubules of rats given repeated intraperitoneal injections of hemoglobin the hemosiderin granules contained dense particles with a mean diameter of 55 A, and with a size-frequency distribution that indicated uniformity., Electron micrographs of ferritin, isolated from the spleen of the same patient, provided confirmation for the inferences that the dense particles observed inside cells are iron micelles, and that ferritin is probably a component of hemosiderin.

9. What was the study on cross-reactions of synthetic polyglucose and of numerous plant?
Bot: Cross-reactions of the antityphoid serum with the specific polysaccharide of Type II pneumococcus and with tamarind seed polysaccharide, glycogen and synthetic polyglucose indicate that the acetic acid-degraded O-polysaccharide of S. typhi, strain O 901, may contain part, at least, of its glucose as 1,4,6-branch points or in 1,6-linkage, perhaps adjacent to a terminal, non-reducing, galactopyranose unit., Cross-reactions of both antisera with arabogalactans point to the existence of (probably beta-) 1,3-, 1,6-, and/or 1,3,6-linkages of galactose in both the typhoid and paratyphoid B polysaccharides.

10. What is the role of extracellular signal-related kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) proteins in craniosynostosis?
Bot: Reduced dosage of ERF, which encodes an inhibitory ETS transcription factor directly bound by ERK1/2 causes complex craniosynostosis (premature fusion of the cranial sutures) in humans and mice. Features of this newly recognized clinical disorder include multiple-suture synostosis, craniofacial dysmorphism, Chiari malformation and language delay.

11. What is being measured with an accelerometer in back pain patients
Bot: Accelerometer assessment measuring overall physical activity (PAL), constant strain postures (CSP), standing time (ST) and lying time (LT)...\nThe following parameters of physical activity were recorded: time upright (standing or walking), time standing, time walking, and step count.

12. How to prepare Tubercle bacilli labelled with C(14)?
Bot: It was possible to determine the oxygen uptake and C(14)O(2) production of phagocytized living tubercle bacilli, and it was found that after phagocytosis the bacilli maintained their rates of oxygen consumption and C(14)O(2) production., When heat-killed labelled tubercle bacilli were exposed to leucocytes there was little or no degradation of bacillary material to C(14)O(2) by leucocytic enzymes.

13. How to promote the germination of Grand Rapids lettuce seeds?
Bot: Red light is effective only in promoting germination of Grand Rapids lettuce seeds, and far-red light is effective only in inhibiting it, when the hypocotyl half of the seed is exposed to the light., It is concluded that the photoreceptor is probably located in the tip of the hypocotyl.

14. What is Hemagglutination?
Bot: A hemagglutination reaction has been described between sheep erythrocytes treated with a component of a polysaccharide fraction of mammalian tubercle bacilli and the sera of experimental animals or of tuberculous patients. Evidence has been presented for the specificity of this reaction. A modification of the test, involving an inhibition reaction, has been developed for the detection and quantitation of minute amounts of the material responsible for the hemagglutination reaction.

15. What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?
Bot: TRH improves myocardial contractility

Factoid Question:

1. Mutation of which gene is implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma?
Ans: Mutation of aryl hydrocarbon receptor interacting protein (AIP) gene was implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma (FIPA) syndrome. About 20% of the families with FIPA harbor inactivating mutation in AIP gene.

2. Is c-met involved in the activation of the Akt pathway?
Ans: yes

3. Is there a crystal structure of Greek Goat Encephalitis?
Bot: no

4. Is TENS machine effective in pain?
Bot: yes

5. Is there any algorithm for enhancer identification from chromatin state?
Bot: yes

6. Which enzyme is targeted by the drug Imetelstat?
Bot: Human Telomerase

7. Do patients with Pendred syndrome present congenital deafness?
Bot: Congenital deafness is one of the characteristics of Pendred syndrome patients.

8. List side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?
Bot: urinary tract infections, genital infections, low blood pressure

9. Are there any urine biomarkers for chronic kidney disease?
Bot: yes

10. List symptoms of the IFAP syndrome.
Bot: follicular ichthyosis, atrichia, photophobia

11. Proteomic analyses need prior knowledge of the organism complete genome. Is the complete genome of the bacteria of the genus Arthrobacter available?
Bot: Yes, the complete genome sequence of Arthrobacter (two strains) is deposited in GenBank.

12. Which proteins participate in the formation of the ryanodine receptor quaternary macromolecular complex?
Bot: Ryanodine receptor, RyR, Calsequestrin, CASQ, CSQ, Triadin, TrD, TRN, Junctin, JCN, JnC, JUN

13. What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?
Bot: Wilsons disease (WD) is an autosomal recessive disorder.

14. Which currently known mitochondrial diseases have been attributed to POLG mutations?
Bot: childhood Myocerebrohepatopathy Spectrum disorders (MCHS), Alpers syndrome, Ataxia Neuropathy Spectrum (ANS) disorders, Myoclonus Epilepsy Myopathy Sensory Ataxia (MEMSA), autosomal recessive Progressive External Ophthalmoplegia (arPEO), autosomal dominant Progressive External Ophthalmoplegia (adPEO)

15. Where is the protein Pannexin1 located?
Bot: The protein Pannexin1 is localized to the plasma membranes.